Add info for GKE-hosted installer (#1598)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/guides/self-hosted/gke-hosted.md

---
title: GKE-Hosted Install
menu:
    userguides:
        parent: self_hosted
        identifier: self_hosted_gke_hosted_install
        weight: 40

> meta_desc: Installer for deploying the self-hosted Pulumi Service in GKE.

Reviewer: Slight tweak that might improve the SEO a bit: 

```suggestion
meta_desc: Installer for deploying the self-hosted Pulumi Service on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE).
```
